README.md, before:

# react-dockeep
React documentation keeper allows user to create documentation for their components and view them directly with custom configurations in their projects.

# Get started
```sh
npm i react-dockeep
```

Then use it in your `index.js` (if using create-react-app)
```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import App from './App';
import Doc from 'react-dockeep';

const CONFIG = {/* Your configurations here */}

ReactDOM.render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <Doc config={CONFIG}>
      <App />
    </Doc>
  </React.StrictMode>,
  document.getElementById('root')
);
```

# Props
|Name|required|type|default|description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|config|true|object||The config that controls the components and documentation
|url|false|string|'doc'|The url that will be used to browse the components

### Config
The documentation will be rendered based on the configuration provided, here are the fields that can be configured.

|Name|required|type|default|description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|components|true|array||A list of components with configuration

### components
|Name|required|type|default|description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|component|true|function \| class||The component that will be rendered
|name|false|string|The given component's name|The name of the component
|description|false|string|'No description'|The description of the component
|props|false|array|[]|A list of props that will be applied to the component with documentation

### props
|Name|required|type|default|description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|name|true|string||The name of the prop
|value|true|string||The value of the prop
|required|false|boolean|false|Whether this prop is required by the component or not
|default|false|any||The default value of the prop
|type|false|string|'any'|The type of the prop
|doc|false|string|''|The documentation of this prop

# Example
Here is a screenshot of the example:
![Example Screenshot](https://github.com/NielXu/react-dockeep/blob/master/assets/example.png?raw=true)

The above documentation can be generated by the following config:

```javascript
{
  component: Modal,
  description: "Wrapped the Modal component from React Bootstrap",
  props: [
    {
      name: "header",
      value: "",
      default: "",
      doc: "The header of the Modal, header will not be displayed if this is not given",
      type: "string"
    },
    {
      name: "body",
      value: "Hello World",
      required: true,
      doc: "Body of the modal",
      type: "string"
    },
    {
      name: "footer",
      value: "",
      default: "",
      doc: "The footer of the Modal, footer will not be displayed if this is not given",
      type: "string"
    },
  ]
}
```

To run examples use `npm start` and go to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser, see [examples](https://github.com/NielXu/react-dockeep/tree/master/example) folder for more information

# TODO

###### v1.0.0
- [x] Add example
- [x] Prevent name duplications
- [x] ~Improve add config using functions~ (Push to v1.1.0)
- [x] Change all bootstrap elements to React Bootstrap
- [x] Implement the search feature of the sidebar
- [x] Proper warning and error display
- [x] ~Figure out a way when user deleted required props and error is thrown~ (This only happens in react development mode)

###### v1.1.0
- [x] Config using functions
- [ ] Allow users to handle routing by themselves
- [ ] Allow users to write example code by themselves
- [ ] Allow users to control sections by themselves

Commit message:

Added feature that allows user to write custom example code

README.md, after:

# react-dockeep
React documentation keeper allows user to create documentation for their components and view them directly with custom configurations in their projects.

# Get started
```sh
npm i react-dockeep
```

Then use it in your `index.js` (if using create-react-app)
```javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import App from './App';
import Doc from 'react-dockeep';

const CONFIG = {/* Your configurations here */}

ReactDOM.render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <Doc config={CONFIG}>
      <App />
    </Doc>
  </React.StrictMode>,
  document.getElementById('root')
);
```

# Props
|Name|required|type|default|description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|config|true|object||The config that controls the components and documentation
|url|false|string|'doc'|The url that will be used to browse the components

### Config
The documentation will be rendered based on the configuration provided, here are the fields that can be configured.

|Name|required|type|default|description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|components|true|array||A list of components with configuration

### components
|Name|required|type|default|description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|component|true|function \| class||The component that will be rendered
|name|false|string|The given component's name|The name of the component
|description|false|string|'No description'|The description of the component
|props|false|array|[]|A list of props that will be applied to the component with documentation
|code|false|string||The example code, please notice that the name of the tag must match the component name

### props
|Name|required|type|default|description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|name|true|string||The name of the prop
|value|true|string||The value of the prop
|required|false|boolean|false|Whether this prop is required by the component or not
|default|false|any||The default value of the prop
|type|false|string|'any'|The type of the prop
|doc|false|string|''|The documentation of this prop

# Example
Here is a screenshot of the example:
![Example Screenshot](https://github.com/NielXu/react-dockeep/blob/master/assets/example.png?raw=true)

The above documentation can be generated by the following config:

```javascript
{
  component: Modal,
  description: "Wrapped the Modal component from React Bootstrap",
  props: [
    {
      name: "header",
      value: "",
      default: "",
      doc: "The header of the Modal, header will not be displayed if this is not given",
      type: "string"
    },
    {
      name: "body",
      value: "Hello World",
      required: true,
      doc: "Body of the modal",
      type: "string"
    },
    {
      name: "footer",
      value: "",
      default: "",
      doc: "The footer of the Modal, footer will not be displayed if this is not given",
      type: "string"
    },
  ]
}
```

To run examples use `npm start` and go to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser, see [examples](https://github.com/NielXu/react-dockeep/tree/master/example) folder for more information

# TODO

###### v1.0.0
- [x] Add example
- [x] Prevent name duplications
- [x] ~Improve add config using functions~ (Push to v1.1.0)
- [x] Change all bootstrap elements to React Bootstrap
- [x] Implement the search feature of the sidebar
- [x] Proper warning and error display
- [x] ~Figure out a way when user deleted required props and error is thrown~ (This only happens in react development mode)

###### v1.1.0
- [x] Config using functions
- [ ] ~Allow users to handle routing by themselves~ (Push to v1.2.0)
- [x] Allow users to write example code by themselves
- [ ] ~Allow users to control sections by themselves~ (Push to v1.2.0)
